Sensitivity analysis for most recent CLM runs (#9)
az-digitalag/model-vignettes: CLM/clm_sensitivity.Rmd

---
title: "CLM Sensitivity Analysis"
author: "Kristina Riemer"
output: github_document
---

```{r, message=FALSE}
library(broom)
library(magrittr)
library(dplyr)
library(tidyr)
library(ggplot2)
library(cowplot)
```

Data are parameter values with corresponding response variable values. 

```{r, message=FALSE}
sens_data <- readr::read_csv("clm5_Equ_C4g_default_ens_e500_output.txt", 
                                 skip = 1)
colnames(sens_data) <- gsub(" ", "_", colnames(sens_data))
sens_data_ex <- sens_data %>% 
  select(1:10)
```
### Example of Sensitivity Analysis for Single Output Variable

#### 1. Elasticity

> Sensitivity is the change in the response variable given a change in an input variable, which can be a parameter, initial condition, etc. This is representated by the derivative dY/dX. This is calculated below from the slope of the linear regression between the parameter values and response variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensitivity is the change in the response variable given a change in an input variable, which can be a parameter, initial condition, etc. This is representated by the derivative dY/dX. This is approximated below as the slope of the linear regression between the parameter values and response variable. This is a quick-and-dirty variant of the [`get.sensitivity`](https://github.com/PecanProject/pecan/blob/develop/modules/uncertainty/R/sensitivity.analysis.R#L73) function in PEcAn.

  
```

Reviewer: In the future I think it will be worthwhile to see if the PEcAn functions will work out of the box, either installing the PEcAn.uncertainty package or seeing if `source('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PecanProject/pecan/develop/modules/uncertainty/R/sensitivity.analysis.R')` will work ...

Author: Created a new issue for using Pecan's functions, see [#69](https://github.com/danforthcenter/sentinel-detection/issues/69).
